#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
algoliasearch==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.10.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
billiard==4.2.2
    # via celery
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-celery-results
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via edx-toggles
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via django-import-export
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
django==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-clearcache
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   jsonfield2
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-celery-results==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-clearcache==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-config-models==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-cors-headers==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-import-export==4.3.10
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-simple-history==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-auth-backends==4.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-celeryutils==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-utils==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-rbac
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-auth-backends
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via code-annotations
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonfield==3.2.0
    # via edx-celeryutils
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via jinja2
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openai==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
packaging==25.0
    # via kombu
ply==3.11
    # via djangoql
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via click-repl
psutil==7.1.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.10
    # via openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pymongo==4.15.2
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-django-release-util
redis==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   algoliasearch
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
scipy==1.16.2
    # via scikit-learn
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
social-auth-app-django==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tablib==3.8.0
    # via django-import-export
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via kombu
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
xlsxwriter==3.2.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zipp==3.23.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
