#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
algoliasearch==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-simple-history
astroid==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
build==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-cover==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openai
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-clearcache
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   jsonfield2
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-clearcache==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-config-models==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-simple-history==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-i18n-tools==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
edx-lint==5.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openai
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   build
    #   inflect
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
inflect==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   jinja2-pluralize
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via diff-cover
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   scikit-learn
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
lxml==5.1.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openai==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.10.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangoql
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pygments==2.17.2
    # via diff-cover
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   celery
    #   faker
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   responses
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   algoliasearch
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   scikit-learn
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.14.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   kombu
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pylint
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
