#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
algoliasearch==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-model-utils
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   jsonfield2
django-celery-results==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   pyjwkest
gevent==21.12.0
    # via -r requirements/production.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements/production.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mysqlclient==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==7.4.0.172
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pbr==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/production.in
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   algoliasearch
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
ruamel-yaml==0.17.20
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ruamel-yaml==0.17.20
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel-yaml
rules==3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
xlsxwriter==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
zipp==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==5.4.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
